Pal 1090 services ReadMe updates (#358)
gchq/Palisade-services: filtered-resource-service/README.md

![Filtered-Resource Service High-Level Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Service-HL.png)

The Filtered-Resource Service sits at the end of the stream pipeline and has the task of returning information about resources (and their connection details) back to the client. 
Given a token `$[token]` from the Palisade Service, it is accessed by a WebSocket request to `ws://filtered-resource-service/resource/${token}`. 

> The service will return each resource discovered by the Palisade system one-by-one to the client as requested, auditing that the client is now aware of the resource and effectively authorised to access that resource. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service will return each resource discovered by the Palisade system one-by-one to the client as requested, auditing that the client is now aware of the resource and has been authorised to access that resource. 
```

Author: Done

The top-right box is the token-offset-system and its associated worker actors. 
This performs the task of persisting and retrieving offsets for tokens. 
We use an Akka Actor System to process both requests from the client and messages from kafka. 
The first diagram below shows what happens when a client connects to the service before the request has been processed by Palisade.
The second diagram below shows what happens when a client connects to the service after the request has been processed by Palisade.

#### Early Client Connection
![Filtered-Resource Service Early Client Connection Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Offset-Early-Client.png)

#### Late Client Connection
![Filtered-Resource Service Late Client Connection Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Offset-Late-Client.png)

### Token-Error Actor System

The bottom-right box is the token-error-system and its associated worker actors. 
This performs the task of persisting and retrieving errors for tokens. 
We use an Akka Actor System to process requests from the client. 
For a given token, all errors matching the token are looked-up from redis. 
This list of errors are then deleted from redis and emitted by the actor. 

> ![Filtered-Resource Service Error Actor System Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Errors-Actor-System.png)

Reviewer 2: Can we also add text under each image to talk a reader through the flow of the diagrams

Author: I've added details of the flows for the actor offset images. I think the information above the errors image describes the flow. Did you want this to be updated or add some extra information under the image?

The main route of web requests - and subsequent websocket messages - through the service is shown in the above diagram. 
The green boxes are client web requests, red boxes are kafka topics, and red storage is redis persistence.

### Token-Offset Actor System

The top-right box is the token-offset-system and its associated worker actors. 
This performs the task of persisting and retrieving offsets for tokens. 
We use an Akka Actor System to process both requests from the client and messages from kafka. 
The first diagram below shows what happens when a client connects to the service before the request has been processed by Palisade.
The second diagram below shows what happens when a client connects to the service after the request has been processed by Palisade.

> #### Early Client Connection

Reviewer 2: Doesnt this scenario still do a check of Redis to know that it is early?

Author: Updated the description and the diagram to reflect this

![Filtered-Resource Service Early Client Connection Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Offset-Early-Client.png)

If the client connects to the service before the request has been processed by Palisade an Akka Actor Worker is spawned, which deals with the incoming offset value.

> The service will then read a message from the `masked-resource-offset` Kafka topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The service will then read messages from the `masked-resource-offset` Kafka topic until it finds one for the given token.
```

Author: Done

The service will tell the Akka Actor Worker the offset value which is then used by the service to read the resources from the `masked-resource` Kafka topic.

#### Late Client Connection
![Filtered-Resource Service Late Client Connection Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Offset-Late-Client.png)

> If the client connects to the service after Palisade has finished processing the request the information from the `masked-resource-offse` Kafka topic is stored in Redis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the client connects to the service after Palisade has finished processing the request, the information from the `masked-resource-offse` Kafka topic is stored in Redis.
```

Author: Done

The `GET` from the client triggers the service to spawn an Akka Actor Worker.
The worker will then check Redis for any values that match the incoming token value.

> This is then set on the worker which then reads values from the `masked-resource` Kafka topic from the offset value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This offset is then used by the worker which then reads the messages from the `masked-resource` Kafka topic from that offset value.
```

Author: Done

The main route of web requests - and subsequent websocket messages - through the service is shown in the above diagram. 
The green boxes are client web requests, red boxes are kafka topics, and red storage is redis persistence.

### Token-Offset Actor System

The top-right box is the token-offset-system and its associated worker actors. 
This performs the task of persisting and retrieving offsets for tokens. 
We use an Akka Actor System to process both requests from the client and messages from kafka. 
The first diagram below shows what happens when a client connects to the service before the request has been processed by Palisade.
The second diagram below shows what happens when a client connects to the service after the request has been processed by Palisade.

#### Early Client Connection
![Filtered-Resource Service Early Client Connection Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Offset-Early-Client.png)

If the client connects to the service before the request has been processed by Palisade an Akka Actor Worker is spawned, which deals with the incoming offset value.

> The worker will check Redis to check if there are any values present for the token, this will return an empty value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The worker will check Redis to check if there are any values present for the token, this will return an empty value (since the client connected early as described).
```

Author: Done

The service will then read messages from the `masked-resource-offset` Kafka topic until it finds one for the given token.

> The service will tell the Akka Actor Worker the offset value which is then used by the service to read the resources from the `masked-resource` Kafka topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service will tell the Akka Actor Worker the offset value which is then used by the service to read the resources from the `masked-resource` Kafka topic, starting from the given offset.
```

Author: Done

#### Late Client Connection
![Filtered-Resource Service Late Client Connection Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Offset-Late-Client.png)

If the client connects to the service after Palisade has finished processing the request, the information from the `masked-resource-offset` Kafka topic is stored in Redis.

> The `GET` from the client triggers the service to spawn an Akka Actor Worker.

Reviewer: ```
The `GET` from the client triggers the service to spawn an Akka Actor Worker.
```
You haven't used this terminology in the "Early Client Connection", so I'd suggest altering it here, or even just dropping the whole line

Author: Re-worded the line to mention that the service spawns a worker but removed the `GET` part.

> The worker will then check Redis for any values that match the incoming token value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The worker will then check Redis for any values that match the incoming token value (where it will find the offset since the client connected late as described).
```

Author: Done

This offset is then used by the worker which then reads the messages from the `masked-resource` Kafka topic from that offset value.

> 

Reviewer: See the above change, either use your wording or mine but keep this sentence consistent between the two

Author: Done

### Token-Error Actor System

The bottom-right box is the token-error-system and its associated worker actors. 
This performs the task of persisting and retrieving errors for tokens. 
We use an Akka Actor System to process requests from the client. 

> For a given token, all errors matching the token are looked-up from redis. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a given token, all errors matching the token are looked-up from Redis. 
```

Reviewer: Might be worth checking the capitalisation of Kafka and Redis proper nouns elsewhere, bit it's not really too important

Author: Checked capitalisation across all ReadMes

> This list of errors are then deleted from redis and emitted by the actor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list of errors is then deleted from Redis and emitted by the actor. 
```

Author: I think `are` is better as there are multiple "errors". I have slightly adjusted it though.

> ![Filtered-Resource Service Error Actor System Diagram](doc/Filtered-Resource-Errors-Actor-System.png)

Reviewer: I'd put the image first (below the `### Token Error Actor System` heading) and text second (below the image)

Author: Moved
